I am back in the UK and I have a cold
I've lost my voice I sound a little bit
like Tom Waits so it is the 21st century
why do I not just take a pill and cure
this thing well first of all the pills
that we do have are antibiotics and they
don't work against colds you have seen
this poster in your doctor's office um
you need a vaccination and well it's
difficult to find a vaccination for the
common cold for the same reason that
once you have had one cold your body is
not automatically immune against all
others there are hundreds of the buggers
and they keep mutating it's the same
reason why you have to have a flu shot
every year Oh actually that's worse than
that the World Health Organization has
to predict months in advance which flu
strains will be popular this winter and
then ramped up vaccine production
accordingly and they've got natural
selection against them too if they
release that vaccine too early then the
viruses that are able to rapidly mutate
again stit will be successful and will
spread instead the common cold works in
a similar way there are hundreds of
strains constantly mutating and because
it doesn't generally kill people just
cause some discomfort there isn't the
millions and millions and millions in
research funds going towards getting rid
of it so instead we take painkillers and
anti-inflammatories and decongestants
and we we accept that we can win this
battle on our own even though we cannot
win the war because the enemy will go
away mutate and just come back a few
months later and that is something you
may not have known and now I am going to
stop talking